it's really a great day for the whole
family this stalls this split prize
there's live music in fact I think
there's two different bands that make an
appearance during the day there's also a
DJ later in the evening at home bar
which used to be more of the reveling
crowd later on it's really something
that's a bit of a flavor way everybody
now the properties has nice association
with the convoy so you promote the event
and it's hosted actually and organized
by the harbor village association and
susan has skin particular for the whole
village association certainly as I hands
full and totally hats off to her and all
the properties puts together a lucky
draw traditionally we've done it for the
last five years and we raise money for a
charity we raise money for reach for a
dream I think twice and since then it's
been an animal rescue and I think we had
ten thousand five milligrams with the
prizes from the local community with the
Rose me super spa actually contributing
3,000 Ryan spending power varchar and
pistol and then numerous other prizes
from restaurants to all
coming to the party
this is growing in popularity every year
there's thousands of repeat visitors and
obvious communities as well as will it
get around each year just gets bigger
and bigger normally shut off to the
event the bookings already starting for
the next year so it's actually extended
this year like close to Bell Street so
it's certainly growing area and are we
looking forward to next year and you
better be